Add phpcs Installation Documentation (#705)
moderntribe/square-one: docs/getting-started/phpcs.md

# PHPCS

PHP Code Sniffing is the process of evaluating code formatting in an IDE to verify that all developers are using the same syntax and style. At Tribe, this keeps us all on the same page and makes sure that we're all conforming to the same coding standards and best practices.

Whether you're using PhpStorm, VS Code, or another IDE, everyone needs to know how to get PHPCS running correctly to enforce a consistent coding style. Reviewing consistently formatted code helps reduce the cognitive load of peer reviews.

## Visual Studio Code (VS Code)
Download and enable the [PHPCS plugin by Ioannis Kappas](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ikappas.phpcs)

> Square One installs PHPCS on a per-project basis, so there is no need to install PHPCS globally. If you install it globally, know that you'll need to make sure your executable is following the correct phpcs.xml found in your project's root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SquareOne installs PHPCS on a per-project basis, so there is no need to install PHPCS globally. If you install it globally, know that you'll need to make sure your executable is following the correct phpcs.xml found in your project's root.
```
